listen mile 22 is like fallout if
fallout completely suck Dookie hey john
malkovich in this movie looking like
alec baldwin with the fake to pay these
guys literally are called ghosts as they
go rogue in another nation and why
everyone's been bashing marky-mark and
making headlines since yeah it's kind of
ironic that now he's getting beat by
asians but none of that really mattered
to me right that wasn't the reason why i
want to go watch this movie i went from
my boy Eko if y'all haven't seen the
raid movies you you need to immediately
you can dislike this video close it out
before you even finish it as long as
these movies have been incepted into
your mind then my job is done because
those are works of art this one was so
close to being a coaster but it just
edged to become in a sloppy stream it
only because of Eko in his action barely
let me explain so if you've never seen a
Peter Berg movie he's pretty much taking
a page from paul greengrass and likes
keeping in those shots for the camera
the camera is still focusing hold things
looking like a vlog overseas Logan Paul
could probably get steadier shots than
this but the thing is while that may be
is a aesthetic right I get that it
doesn't explain why the whole movie
feels like it was edited on a random
generator instead of plutonium in this
one you got the overwatch team who's
looking out for cesium and they take out
an entire Russian house in the beginning
including this 18 year old who they
overly focus on on top of that Mark
Wahlberg is leading the team on foot but
it turns out he's also had anger issues
his entire life to the point that he's
always yelling at people and snapping
this wristband in order to not go crazy
the irony Maggie's also like second in
command of the group and since she's
going through a divorce she's more
anxious throughout this movie than she
was throughout the entirety of the
Walking Dead
but then comes my boy Eko who's trying
to take down the Indonesian government
and somehow has this disc that shows the
locations of the cesium so he wants to
use the Americans and wants them to put
him on a first-class plane ticket out of
there before he decodes what's in there
that's why they got to travel 22 miles
to get to the plane and while I love
eCos action sequences I'm never gonna
forgive Peter Berg for how he edited
these scenes i straight-up counted 47
cuts in 20 seconds like this was some
damn taken movie that's where I saw a
cover drop frame so it was like a
sequence that wasn't even rendered
everyone speaking so fast it's like they
want to fit five sentences into one but
like if you got a do
who can give you something like this why
are you cutting so much the sequences
that really got to me was whenever they
were being chased down through the town
and all of the Asian folk were just
staring out their windows or legit just
standing in the hallways even though
there's gunshots outside there gunshots
they don't need to be translated you get
out of there by the time they get eco on
the plane they already beat the Holly
homes out of Ronda who was a part of the
team and she dies a bunch of other
people die whole organization ends up
getting shot down because it turns out
that that eighteen year old boy from the
beginning was actually this Russian
honcho lady's son and she set out to
exact revenge by hiring Eko who isn't a
double agent but a triple agent that's
why he was doing this whole hand finger
thing throughout the entire time because
that's I guess like some Russian thing
that they had going on he made a deal
with them to not only take down the
Indonesians but the Americans and pretty
much creates a catch-twenty Oh
catch-22 mountain he's able to get away
as he goes off on a plane they leave the
entire movie in a cliffhanger where the
Russians still have all the cesium they
don't say if Alice died on the planes
and she got away with Eko but they do
show wahlberg posting up a picture of
Eko because he plans to seek revenge in
a secret heck no I'm not watching Mau 23
i'ma just stick to a thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm Kirsten on
your thoughts down below like I said if
you watch this movie I'm talking I like
if you'll remember the Snowman how
incohesive that movie was that's like
this movie right here it was so close I
would give it a coaster if it wasn't for
him and I almost want to even though I
loved the action sequences that Eko does
the way it's cut is so disrespectful ah
man I just I don't want to give it a
coaster just because I love that guys so
much and he's in it watch the raid films
even watch a head shot that is on
Netflix and that's way better than this
but yeah I don't know what else to say I
will say that some of you were wondering
why didn't I give Slenderman a coaster
rating y'all were right I went back I
thought about a slender man as a coaster
this might be if I see it one more time
and I realized how how just
disrespectful he was for the man cutting
up the scenes this dude is good go watch
the road movies that's the only reason I
made this video go watch the raid movies
other than that don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you'll have seven
years of good luck or at least more
contact